29	Musical	\N	2	Musical theatre is a form of theatrical performance that combines songs, spoken dialogue, acting, and dance.
1	Aria	\N	2	An aria is a self-contained piece for one voice usually with orchestral accompaniment. They are most common inside operas, but also appear in cantatas, oratorios and even on their own (concert arias).
2	Ballet	\N	2	A ballet is music composed to be used, together with a choreography, for a ballet dance production.
3	Cantata	\N	2	A cantata is a vocal (often choral) composition with an instrumental (usually orchestral) accompaniment, typically in several movements.
4	Concerto	\N	2	A concerto is a musical work for soloist(s) accompanied by an orchestra.
7	Madrigal	\N	2	The madrigal is a type of secular vocal music composition. In its original form, it had no instrumental accompaniment, although accompaniment is much more common in later madrigals.
8	Mass	\N	2	A mass is a choral composition that sets the invariable portions of the Christian Eucharistic liturgy (Kyrie - Gloria - Credo - Sanctus - Benedictus - Agnus Dei, with other portions sometimes added) to music.
9	Motet	\N	2	"Motet" is a term that applies to different types of (usually unaccompanied) choral works. What exactly is a motet depends quite a bit on the period.
10	Opera	\N	2	An opera is a dramatised work (text + musical score) for singers and orchestra/ensemble. In true operas all dialog is sung, through arias and recitatives, but some styles of opera include spoken dialogue.
24	Operetta	\N	2	The operetta is a genre of light opera, in terms both of music and subject matter. Operettas are generally short and include spoken parts.
11	Oratorio	\N	2	An oratorio is a large (usually sacred) musical composition including an orchestra, a choir, and soloists. While it has characters and a plot, it is usually not performed theatrically (it lacks costumes, props and strong character interaction).
12	Overture	\N	2	An overture is, generally, the instrumental introduction to an opera. Independent ("concert") overtures also exist, which are generally programmatic works shorter than a symphonic poem.
13	Partita	\N	2	A partita is an instrumental piece composed of a series of variations, and it's by its current definition very similar to a suite.
28	Play	\N	2	A play is a form of literature usually consisting of scripted dialogue between characters, and intended for theatrical performance rather than just reading.
21	Poem	\N	2	A poem is a literary piece, generally short and in verse, where words are usually chosen for their sound and for the images and ideas they suggest.
23	Prose	\N	2	This represents literary works written in prose, that is, written in relatively ordinary language without metrical structure (e.g. novels, short stories, essays...).
14	Quartet	\N	2	A quartet is a musical composition scored for four voices or instruments.
5	Sonata	\N	2	"Sonata" is a general term used to describe small scale (very often solo or solo + keyboard) instrumental works, initially in baroque music.
15	Song-cycle	\N	2	A song cycle is a group of songs designed to be performed in a sequence as a single entity. In most cases, all of the songs are by the same composer, and often use words from the same poet or lyricist.
22	Soundtrack	\N	2	A soundtrack is the music that accompanies a film, TV program, videogame, or even book.
6	Suite	\N	2	A suite is an ordered set of instrumental or orchestral pieces normally performed in a concert setting. They may be extracts from a ballet or opera, or entirely original movements.
18	Symphonic poem	\N	2	A symphonic poem is a piece of programmatic orchestral music, usually in a single movement, that evokes a painting, a landscape, the content of a poem, a story or novel, or other non-musical source.
16	Symphony	\N	2	A symphony is an extended composition, almost always scored for orchestra without soloists.
19	Zarzuela	\N	2	A zarzuela is a Spanish lyric-dramatic work that alternates between spoken and sung scenes, the latter incorporating operatic and popular song, as well as dance.
20	Étude	\N	2	An étude is an instrumental musical composition, most commonly of considerable difficulty, usually designed to provide practice material for perfecting a particular technical skill.
25	Audio drama	\N	2	An audio drama is a dramatized, purely acoustic performance, broadcast on radio or published on an audio medium (tape, CD, etc.).
26	Beijing opera	\N	2	Beijing opera is a form of traditional Chinese theatre which combines music, vocal performance, mime, dance, and acrobatics.
17	Song	\N	1	A song is in its origin (and still in most cases) a composition for voice, with or without instruments, performed by singing. This is the most common form by far in folk and popular music, but also fairly common in a classical context ("art songs").
30	Incidental music	\N	2	Incidental music is music written as background for (usually) a theatre play.
